chore: Add reserved instances to cost reduction (#464)
CluedIn-io/CluedIn.Documentation: docs/190-paas-operations/005-cost-reduction.md

The CluedIn team can help set this up in your environment by deploying an Automation Account along with a runbook and setting the schedule at your desired times of inoperation.

# Reserve Azure instances

> Azure, like many cloud services, offer the ability to reserve virtual machines and other Azure resources up front by committing to a year or more. This is one of the ways to save up to 72% on the virtual machine resources and is something we recommend when you're serious about CluedIn.
> 
> For information regarding this, please visit [Microsoft documentation](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-gb/pricing/reserved-vm-instances).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure, like many cloud services, offers the ability to reserve virtual machines and other Azure resources upfront by committing to a year or more. This is one of the ways to save up to 72% on the virtual machine resources and is something we recommend when you're serious about CluedIn.

For more information, see [Microsoft documentation](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-gb/pricing/reserved-vm-instances).
```
